You don't have any [ __ ] to cover up,
but your mountain of [ __ ] has already
covered you up. Everyone has it, we all have something
behind us that we don't want to come to light. The
characters all have something behind us
that we don't want to come to light. Man, let's
see how all the people live, no.
Something that we want to hide, that we want to
cover up, but this is it. It's logical,
at some point we've all done something
that we may regret or be ashamed of,
something that we've gotten carried away with and have been
unfortunate about, what mistakes we
all make, in fact, I would say
that those of us who are T, for example, people like
me on YouTube or people like Antonio
David, from the years he's been on
television, are already at this point, what the hell is he going to
bring up? Invent, no, invent, exaggerate,
take out of context, not from our past, and
tonight and that night he's going to bring up something about
someone, no, and whoever it is is
complaining. That's good.